Post-Title: 5 Good Reasons Why Everyone Should Learn Krav Maga
SEO Title: 5 Reasons Why People Should Learn Krava Maga
Meta-D: Krav Maga, the Israeli marial arts made popular by their military, is a great way to build confidence and learn protection skills.

Krav Maga, the popular Israeli military martial art, has become more and more popular over the past few years. Based on the concept of FILL IN IDEA, it's been around since YEAR, but recently has made a resurgence in the USA. If you've ever thought about learning Krav Maga, here are 5 damn good reasons that should end your second-guessing. Now get out there at find a Krav Maga studio to start training at!

<h2>You'll Get an Insane Workout</h2>
Most people hear martial arts, and they don't necessarily think about the workout factor. People think karate is all about poise and posture, jiu jit su is about throwing people, etc. Wrong! Martial arts means a good workout, first and foremost. Have you seen what the Israeli military looks like? PICTURE. Those guys are ripped, and one of the reasons they're ripped is because of their krav maga training. To withstand a blow when the time comes, you'll need to have a crazy strong core. Krav Maga will give that to you. To throw a punch when the time comes, you'll need strong forearms and shoulders. Krav Maga will give it to you. Maybe you won't get the beach body you're looking for, but you're sure as heck get toned up.

<h2>You'll Achieve a Higher Level of Self-Confidence</h2>
Learning a new skill always brings with it an elevated level of self-confidence, and learning Krav Maga is no different. Knowing that you're better suited to protect yourself should you encounter a stick situation, you'll have a bit more pep in your step. STUDIES SHOW that learning skills increase self-confidence. Maybe you'll learn Krav Maga and you'll never need it. That's probably a good thing, because it means you didn't get yourself into a dangerous situation. However, you'll have completed numerous classes and you'll know that when you put your mind to something, you can achieve it.

<h2>Your Friends will be Jealous of You</h2>
Who doesn't want their friends to be a little jealous every once in awhile. Facebook alone was made to give people the ability to digitally brag about their life(or so it seems). Just wait until you post your first picture of yourself, delivering a jarring blow to the body bag. People will definitely comment, "That looks like fun! What class are you taking?" You'll get the opportunity to tell them all about your lessons, how much you've learned, your newly found confidence, etc.

<h2>You'll Learn to Protect Yourself in Sticky Situations</h2>
When all is said and done, learning Krav Maga is learning to protect yourself in a dangerous situation. God willing, you'll never need to do that. However, if the time comes when you DO need to defend yourself, don't you want to be ready? With a strong background in Krav Maga, you'll be perfectly situated to evaluate a dangerous situation and, ideally, escape without any bodily harm. This could mean avoiding a drunken "bro" bar fight, or escaping from a mugger situation. Whatever it may be, you'll be prepared when the time comes.

<h2>You'll Make Some Good Friends Along the Way</h2>


Well, there you have it. 5 reasons you should go Google "Krav maga lessons in ________" (the blank being your city). Now get on it!

Image Credit:
