Post-Title: 3 Reasons We Personally Love Doing Yoga
SEO Title: Yoga and Why We Find it So Gosh Darn Addicting
Meta-D: If you've ever done yoga, you know that after your second or third time, you start to crave your daily/weekly shivasanha. Here are 3 reasons we personally love yoga.

Yoga, what a beautiful thing! I've been doing yoga for just a little over a year. I tried it once in college, got super sweaty and embarassed, and quit. 4 years later, I decided to give it another try. Boy am I happy that I did! Yoga has become an integral part of my life. I look forward to my weekly sessions as much as I look forward to a well-earned weekend. Here are 3 very good reasons why most people(myself included) love yoga so much.

<h2>A Time to Turn Off Our Mind</h2>
After a stressful day in the office, I know that I'm going to have a guaranteed 60 minutes of serenity during my yoga practice. I turn my phone off, put on my yoga clothes, lay out my mat, and it begins. With some good yoga music in the background and my instructor's soothing voice leading class, I fall into a new state of relaxation. I always find myself yawning during my practice. Not that I'm tired, I'm just so unbelievably relaxed. Anyone else yawn during yoga? Either way, during those 60 minutes, I'm in the zone. Not thinking about work, not thinking about tomorrow, not even thinking about dinner(which is ALWAYS on my mind), just pure relaxation. In the world as we know it, we're constantly connected to our computers, phones, email, you name it. Our phones are beeping non-stop from morning until night. Yoga gives yourself the perfect reason to put your phone on silent and just be.

<h2>Long-Lasting Health Benefits</h2>
One of the main reasons I got back into yoga was the encouragement of an older friend. We were out jogging one day and he was telling me about how happy he was that he started going yoga a few years earlier. Being 20 years older than myself, he told me that if I started yoga now, I would have a much healthier body when I got to be his age. Now, after just a year of practice, I can already tell I'm more limber, my core is stronger, and my mental focus is better. There are NUMEROUS HEALTH BENEFITS of yoga, both physical and mental. If you haven't started doing yoga yet, it's not too late. Get out there and give it a try. You just might like it. I'll be honest; I didn't really enjoy my first few yoga classes. Not knowing the name names of the positions and having to look around the room to see what others were doing made me self-concious. However, after a few lessons, I startd knowing the poses and more comfortable doing them. Give yourself a full month of class. If might take a few weeks to start liking it, but it'll be worth it in the long run.

<h2>Our "Yoga Friends" and Hangout Sessions</h2>
This reason comes from one of my female friends. She's been practicing yoga for 5+ years, and a good chunk of her "life friends" are girls she met while doing yoga. They text each other during the day to see which class everyone is going to. They plan to get drinks after class is over. It's become an integral part of their social lives. Since yoga is still a female-dominated industry, I usually find that I'm one of the only guys in the room. However, when I started going to the same class every week, I started seeing the same guys in the locker room. We'd chat about class, work, etc. Maybe they'll become life-long friends as well, who knows. Either way, it sure doesn't hurt to make a few new friends in life.

Are you also addicted to yoga? What are the reasons that you like it so much? Leave them in the comments section below and tell the world why you're a diehard yogi!

Image Credit:
